Add Blender MCP Tutorial (#2122)
block/goose: documentation/docs/tutorials/blender-mcp.md

    // highlight-end
    └ 
  ```  

  5. Enter the number of seconds Goose should wait for actions to complete before timing out. Default is 300s
    ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◇  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  Command-line Extension 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to call this extension?
    │  blender
    │
    ◇  What command should be run?
    │  uvx blender-mcp
    │
    // highlight-start
    ◆  Please set the timeout for this tool (in secs):
    │  300
    // highlight-end
    │
    └ 
  ``` 
  
  6. Choose No when asked to add environment variables

   ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◇  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  Command-line Extension 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to call this extension?
    │  blender
    │
    ◇  What command should be run?
    │  uvx blender-mcp
    │     
    ◇  Please set the timeout for this tool (in secs):
    │  300
    │    
    // highlight-start
    ◆  Would you like to add environment variables?
    │  No
    |
    // highlight-end

>     └  Added playwright extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    └  Added blender extension
```

  ```  

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="ui" label="Goose Desktop">
  1. [Launch the installer](goose://extension?cmd=uvx&arg=blender-mcp&id=blender&name=Blender&description=Blender%203D%20scene%20creation%20integration)
  2. Press `Yes` to confirm the installation
  4. Click `Save Configuration`
  5. Scroll to the top and click `Exit` from the upper left corner
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Example Usage

> In this example, I’ll show you how to use Goose with the Blender Extension to build an entire 3D campfire scene from scratch. By automating Blender controls through natural language, Goose can create objects like logs and fireballs, apply realistic materials, add lighting effects, generate particles for sparks, create subtle smoke, and even animate the fire to gently pulse over time.
> 
> This allows you to design complex, cinematic 3D environments without needing to manually place objects or adjust settings in Blender. Goose handles the entire scene setup hands-free, letting you focus on creativity instead of technical Blender workflows.

Reviewer 2: hmm this is a nit. I feel like we could shorten this..maybe something like

```suggestion
In this example, I’ll show you how to use Goose with the Blender Extension to build an entire 3D campfire scene from scratch. By automating Blender controls through natural language, Goose can create objects like logs and fireballs, apply realistic materials, add lighting effects, generate particles for sparks, create subtle smoke, and even animate the fire to gently pulse over time.

In this example, I’ll show you how to use Goose with the Blender Extension to build a full 3D campfire scene, including logs, fireballs, lighting, and subtle fire animation, just by describing what you want.
```
